One last thing I'd like to cover is
why the normal HMM formulation is not
good for generating data.
In the early days of speech recognition,
there was the hope that
we could use the same HMMs we use to
recognize speech, to also generate it.
It turned out not to
be such a good idea.
Even though later advancements
led to good results.
>> Maybe an example is the best
way to show the issue.
>> You're right.
Let's take this same HMM we had
at the beginning of the lesson.
>> The one which modeled
the stray lines?
>> Yep, now with just looking at
the HMM, not the example data,
give me ten numbers that could
be generated by the first state.
>> Okay, -1, -1, -2, -1.5,
-1, -1.25, -1.75, and -2.
>> Now some numbers for
the second state.
>> 0, -0.5, -0.25, -0.75 and -1.
>> Same thing for the third state.
>> 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0,
0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0.
>> And finally the last state.
>> 1.5, 1.75 and 1.
>> Plotting these numbers looks nothing
like the original example because
the output distributions
have no idea of continuity.
>> How would we fix that?
>> We could use a lot of states to
try to force a better ordering of
the output, but
that would lead to over-fitting.
A better idea is to model
the state transitions with an HMM.
But use a different process while
in each state that is more aware of
the context to generate the final data.
There are several methods
that are possible.
But the most sophisticated work I know
of is by speech synthesis researchers.
For example, Google has some good
documents of how they are combining HMMs
with deep belief networks
to get better results.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6